the outburst is about the party the party that
university students of law and
engineering think it's the party that
They make the party they think it is.
a public relations student by the
university for love like
the salary and to enter college and
study the way and think that will come to
improve the rich do not get a
job
the files are hardworking enough
15% for those professions.
cent will be half as much as 7 percent
the final 7% that will come to an end if
to graduate in graduation
celebrate being proud to vote in court
the customers of the total and the others 97
you will see ships will be in the
hope in expectation that it is not easy
So imagine how many tens and tens
of thousands of people
young university citizens fucking
dream fantasy who wants to be doctors
attorneys the medical engineer
medical gynecologist cardiologist
obstetrician one infectious disease physician
criminal lawyer
a lawyer at work a federal judge
engineer civil engineer
mechatronics engineer her electronic
I do not know the building engineer
those tens of thousands are left
how many hundreds are actually
Important posts in these areas are love.
horny has vocation for that is not only
want
It's not just wanting money and trying
focus on profession focus on college one
dating friends and social and cut down on
90 or vent
people who find it easy to start
I think it's going to be a good college
so an hour to the other
This is it, until the next time.